Change the document to install Knative Operator (#2419)
knative/docs: docs/install/knative-with-operators.md

uninstall Knative using Knative operators.

Each component in Knative has a separate operator for installation and configuration. This means that there is a [Serving operator](https://github.com/knative/serving-operator)
and an [Eventing operator](https://github.com/knative/eventing-operator). Knative also releases both of them together as

> the [All-In-One operator](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/operator). You can choose to install them in one bundle or

Reviewer: Why not rewrite this to just document the all-in-one operator?

Reviewer: (Which will start showing up in the main docs when we release 0.15)

Author: I think this could be a quick fix for release 14 branch, so that 0.14 doc can still point to the integrated operator. After this is merged, release 14 does a cherry-pick.

## Limitations of Knative Operators:

Knative Operators use custom resources (CRs) to configure your Knative deployment. They have not been tested in a production

> environment, and should be used for development or test purposes only.

Reviewer: This should probably say that they are currently alpha; we should also start to think about how we remove this warning about non-production use.

### Verify the operator installation

Verify the installation of Knative Operator using the command:

```
kubectl get deployment knative-operator
```

If the operator is installed correctly, the deployment should show a `Ready` status. Here is a sample output:

```
NAME               READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
knative-operator   1/1     1            1           19h
```

### Track the log

Use the following command to track the log of the operator:

```

> kubectl logs -f $(kubectl get pods -l name=knative-operator -o name)

Reviewer: You should be able to use `kubectl logs -f deploy/knative-operator` here, I think.

Author: oh yes.

### Verify the operator installation

Verify the installation of Knative Operator using the command:

```
kubectl get deployment knative-operator
```

If the operator is installed correctly, the deployment should show a `Ready` status. Here is a sample output:

```
NAME               READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
knative-operator   1/1     1            1           19h
```

### Track the log

Use the following command to track the log of the operator:

```

> kubectl logs -f -f deploy/knative-operator

Reviewer: You've doubled the `-f` option.

```
NAME               READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
activator          1/1     1            1           18s
autoscaler         1/1     1            1           18s
autoscaler-hpa     1/1     1            1           14s
controller         1/1     1            1           18s
istio-webhook      1/1     1            1           12s
networking-istio   1/1     1            1           12s
webhook            1/1     1            1           17s
```

3. Check the status of Knative Serving Custom Resource:

```
kubectl get KnativeServing knative-serving -n knative-serving
```

You should get, if you successfully install Knative Serving:

```
NAME              VERSION             READY   REASON

> knative-serving   <version number>    True    

Reviewer 2: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
knative-serving   <version number>    True
```

```
NAME               READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
activator          1/1     1            1           18s
autoscaler         1/1     1            1           18s
autoscaler-hpa     1/1     1            1           14s
controller         1/1     1            1           18s
istio-webhook      1/1     1            1           12s
networking-istio   1/1     1            1           12s
webhook            1/1     1            1           17s
```

3. Check the status of Knative Serving Custom Resource:

```
kubectl get KnativeServing knative-serving -n knative-serving
```

> You should get, if you successfully install Knative Serving:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Knative Serving is successfully installed, you should see:
```

```
NAME                  READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
broker-controller      1/1     1            1           63s
broker-filter          1/1     1            1           62s
broker-ingress         1/1     1            1           62s
eventing-controller    1/1     1            1           67s
eventing-webhook       1/1     1            1           67s
imc-controller         1/1     1            1           59s
imc-dispatcher         1/1     1            1           59s
mt-broker-controller   1/1     1            1           62s
```

3. Check the status of Knative Eventing Custom Resource:

```
kubectl get KnativeEventing knative-eventing -n knative-eventing
```

You should get, if you successfully install Knative Serving:

```
NAME               VERSION             READY   REASON

> knative-eventing   <version number>    True    

Reviewer 2: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
knative-eventing   <version number>    True
```

```
NAME                  READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
broker-controller      1/1     1            1           63s
broker-filter          1/1     1            1           62s
broker-ingress         1/1     1            1           62s
eventing-controller    1/1     1            1           67s
eventing-webhook       1/1     1            1           67s
imc-controller         1/1     1            1           59s
imc-dispatcher         1/1     1            1           59s
mt-broker-controller   1/1     1            1           62s
```

3. Check the status of Knative Eventing Custom Resource:

```
kubectl get KnativeEventing knative-eventing -n knative-eventing
```

> You should get, if you successfully install Knative Serving:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Knative Eventing is successfully installed, you should see:
```

kubectl delete KnativeEventing knative-eventing -n knative-eventing
```

Knative operator prevents unsafe removal of Knative resources. Even if the Knative Serving and Knative Eventing CRs are
successfully removed, all the CRDs in Knative are still kept in the cluster. All your resources relying on Knative CRDs
can still work.

### Removing the Knative Operator:

If you have installed Knative using the Release page, remove the operator using the following command:

```

> kubectl delete -f https://github.com/knative-sandbox/operator/releases/latest/download/operator.yaml

Reviewer: Again, use `{{< artifact ... >}}`
